---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "biganimal_analytics_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-biganimal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The analytics cluster resource is used to manage BigAnimal analytics clusters.
---

# biganimal_analytics_cluster (Resource)

The analytics cluster resource is used to manage BigAnimal analytics clusters.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud provider. For example, "aws" or "bah:aws".
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `instance_type` (String) Instance type. For example, "azure:Standard_D2s_v3", "aws:c6i.large" or "gcp:e2-highcpu-4".
- `password` (String) Password for the user edb_admin. It must be 12 characters or more.
- `pg_type` (String) Postgres type. For example, "epas" or "pgextended".
- `pg_version` (String) Postgres version. For example 16
- `project_id` (String) BigAnimal Project ID.
- `region` (String) Region to deploy the cluster. See [Supported regions](https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/biganimal/latest/overview/03a_region_support/) for supported regions.

### Optional

- `allowed_ip_ranges` (Attributes Set) Allowed IP ranges. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_ip_ranges))
- `backup_retention_period` (String) Backup retention period. For example, "7d", "2w", or "3m".
- `csp_auth` (Boolean) Is authentication handled by the cloud service provider.
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Custom maintenance window. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `pause` (Boolean) Pause cluster. If true it will put the cluster on pause and set the phase as paused, if false it will resume the cluster and set the phase as healthy. Pausing a cluster allows you to save on compute costs without losing data or cluster configuration settings. While paused, clusters aren't upgraded or patched, but changes are applied when the cluster resumes. Pausing a high availability cluster shuts down all cluster nodes
- `pe_allowed_principal_ids` (Set of String) Cloud provider subscription/account ID, need to be specified when cluster is deployed on BigAnimal's cloud account.
- `private_networking` (Boolean) Is private networking enabled.
- `service_account_ids` (Set of String) A Google Cloud Service Account is used for logs. If you leave this blank, then you will be unable to access log details for this cluster. Required when cluster is deployed on BigAnimal's cloud account.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Assign existing tags or create tags to assign to this resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `cluster_id` (String) Cluster ID.
- `connection_uri` (String) Cluster connection URI.
- `created_at` (String) Cluster creation time.
- `first_recoverability_point_at` (String) Earliest backup recover time.
- `id` (String) Resource ID of the cluster.
- `logs_url` (String) The URL to find the logs of this cluster.
- `metrics_url` (String) The URL to find the metrics of this cluster.
- `phase` (String) Current phase of the cluster.
- `resizing_pvc` (List of String) Resizing PVC.

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_ip_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_ip_ranges`

Required:

- `cidr_block` (String) CIDR block

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of CIDR block


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Required:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Is maintenance window enabled.

Optional:

- `start_day` (Number) The day of week, 0 represents Sunday, 1 is Monday, and so on.
- `start_time` (String) Start time. "hh:mm", for example: "23:59".


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `tag_name` (String)

Optional:

- `color` (String)

Read-Only:

- `tag_id` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# terraform import biganimal_analytics_cluster.<resource_name> <project_id>/<cluster_id>
terraform import biganimal_analytics_cluster.analytics_cluster prj_deadbeef01234567/p-abcd123456
```
